- [Instructor] Now it's time for us to make a plan
for testing our repository components.
These are the components that we write so that
we can have access to a data store.
So let's take another quick reference at our application
architecture overview, just to point out where we are
in our overall test plan.
We are focusing on testing spring data access
components.
Just as in other test plans we have to ask ourselves
the usual questions of what are our highest priorities,
what kind of tests are we writing, are they unit tests,
are they integration tests, are they both.
And for the persistence layer we do have an additional
question that we need to ask ourselves in our planning,
is our code going to access a relational database,
a graph database, both?
These are things we need to keep in mind and plan for.
For our particular exercises we will be using a relational
database and for our persistence layer testing
we will only focus on integration test, we will not
be doing unit test.
The reason for that is there's typically not much
return on investment of unit testing at the data
repository layer of a spring application,
as it is the spring framework providing a lot of
what could be called the units.
For example a lot of the actual implementation
for data repository class is already done by the
spring framework.
So unless you find yourself overwriting and customizing
a lot of that, it is sufficient to plan for integration
tests only.
And for those pretty pragmatic reasons, we will focus
on simply testing the interaction between the data
repository classes and the data store itself.
This type of testing is done to ensure things like
entity mappings are fine, query semantics are fine
and any custom sequel statements and that transactional
configurations work as expected.
Now that we have a plan, let's get started.